[DOCS-7412] Browser RUM proxy extra note (#22225)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/guide/proxy-rum-data.md

<ul>
<li>For security reasons, remove any HTTP headers that potentially contain sensitive information, such as the <code>cookie</code> header.</li>
<li>The request body can contain binary data and should not be converted to a string. Make sure your proxy implementation forwards the raw body without conversion.</li>

> <li>Make sure your proxy implementation do not allow a malicious actor to send request to a different server (ex: https://browser-intake-datadoghq.com.malicious.com).</li>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Make sure your proxy implementation does not allow a malicious actor to send requests to a different server (ex: https://browser-intake-datadoghq.com.malicious.com).</li>  
```
